# THE_MOVIE_INITIATIVE
A kinda vintage prototype to a movie site that I plan to build in the future with a couple of friends or anyone else interested. This version was made when I knew all but nothing but it does at least insinuate that "I don't play" like I ain't joking about the plans for the movie site cuz I'm ready to put in the work and I got skills or at least I'm gonna get skilled, still in the process... I believe The Movie Garden can be something for my country at least. The name "The Movie Garden" actually came without much thought but I do have plans to make the whole movie experience feel as though one is simply grooming his garden and because of how natural 'nature' seems to come to us like some default setting. I mean, "Bring out the Adam in you and you're set for the journey", tmg's gonna be pretty easy to use like no tutorials and whatnot. I dare to say it will be just a smooth experience with quite a touch of adventure. And yh, it's gonna be called "TMG" cuz like that's an abbreviation or kinda an alias. I'd leave it at that for now. Stay tuned to find out more or at least connect with me and we can discuss... I'm an open book about it right now and won't mind being filled especially bright ideas. I enjoy collaboration and trust me when I say, I do need help cuz with the current plans i have in mind; I can't pull this off alone. The idea shows a lot of "Promise", I promise. There's gonna be seedling kits, which one gets on first visit and would be like what he gets to start off and build upon, you add a movie to your seedling kit which is the same as one sows in a garden and we all know that when one sow, he's gotta reap right and that all depends on the user still, but for a seed to blossom into it's full fledged plant, one would have to complete all checkboxes like watching the movie, dropping a review and even referring it to others as it will allow users to connect with each other so you can even choose to clone a friend's garden but without all his hardwork though so just a clean slate version with all the seeds. So, then there will also be quite fun activities like during a special season or holiday, it can be some new theme like Horror harvest where maybe during the month of november, one has to sow one or two horror movies and if one can harvest before the halloween ends, there'd be something special waiting... and more of that in the likes of other holiday seasons. And then for the real seasons like them climate type, one would have to prune his garden by removing movies or should i say seeds that didn't get to sprout cuz the user did nothing about them and he can refresh his garden with a few other relatively new seeds or should I say the most recent movies. The ideas right here are actually pitched from an AI right now so I'm not sure how well they sit but for it to be generated, it means they've been past data that backs that this shit is possible but with a little human touch, I believe it can actually be quite captivating, so I'm not entirely dependent on some gathered data...I need the idea of actual people who know what they like and what the likes of their friends will like because let's accept it, humans do it best right and yh, I know the AI is still out product but I'm just saying it's humans who are to enjoy the service and not some bot right. I don't wanna keep yapping here and Yes! this is not an official READme but I'm a fast typer so this was seamless, I apologize if it was a bit of stress to read. And now, Imma actually leave it at that...
